Readme.md, before:

# JScalaBenchmark

Microbenchmarking with JMH


Serializers included:
- [kryo](https://github.com/EsotericSoftware/kryo)

## Getting started 
```
git clone https://github.com/filipecosta90/JScalaBenchmark.git
cd JScalaBenchmark
mvn clean package
```

## 5 repetitions of 60 seconds Test with 100K Rows, 400 columns, column size of 36 Bytes, 1 Threads, with an heap size of 8G
```console
java -jar target/benchmarks.jar "KryoBenchmark"  -i 5 -wi 0 -f 1 -t 1 -jvmArgs="-Xms8G -Xmx8G"
```

```console
(...)
# Run complete. Total time: 00:38:09

REMEMBER: The numbers below are just data. To gain reusable insights, you need to follow up on
why the numbers are the way they are. Use profilers (see -prof, -lprof), design factorial
experiments, perform baseline and negative tests that provide experimental control, make sure
the benchmarking environment is safe on JVM/OS/HW level, ask for reviews from the domain experts.
Do not assume the numbers tell you what you want them to tell.

Benchmark                                                      (blockSize)  (buffersize)  (colsize)  (ncols)   Mode  Cnt   Score   Error   Units
KryoBenchmark.testDefaultSerializerByteArrayOutputStreamBlock         1000             1         36      400  thrpt    5  24.359 ± 2.481  ops/ms
KryoBenchmark.testDefaultSerializerOutputBlock                        1000             1         36      400  thrpt    5  27.675 ± 0.196  ops/ms
KryoBenchmark.testDefaultSerializerSingleOutput                       1000             1         36      400  thrpt    5  30.035 ± 0.405  ops/ms
KryoBenchmark.testDefaultSerializerByteArrayOutputStreamBlock         1000             1         36      400   avgt    5   0.041 ± 0.004   ms/op
KryoBenchmark.testDefaultSerializerOutputBlock                        1000             1         36      400   avgt    5   0.037 ± 0.001   ms/op
KryoBenchmark.testDefaultSerializerSingleOutput                       1000             1         36      400   avgt    5   0.032 ± 0.002   ms/op
```

Commit message:

[add] added the preliminary result data for KryoRowBenchmark on Readme.md

Readme.md, after:

# JScalaBenchmark

Microbenchmarking with JMH


Serializers included:
- [kryo](https://github.com/EsotericSoftware/kryo)

## Getting started 
```
git clone https://github.com/filipecosta90/JScalaBenchmark.git
cd JScalaBenchmark
mvn clean package
```



## Kryo Array[Row]
## 5 repetitions of 60 seconds Test with 50K Rows, 400 columns, column size of 36 Bytes, 1 Threads, with an heap size of 8G
```console
java -jar target/benchmarks.jar "KryoRowBenchmark"  -i 5 -wi 0 -f 1 -t 1 -jvmArgs="-Xms8G -Xmx8G"
```

```console
(...)
# Run complete. Total time: 00:10:21

REMEMBER: The numbers below are just data. To gain reusable insights, you need to follow up on
why the numbers are the way they are. Use profilers (see -prof, -lprof), design factorial
experiments, perform baseline and negative tests that provide experimental control, make sure
the benchmarking environment is safe on JVM/OS/HW level, ask for reviews from the domain experts.
Do not assume the numbers tell you what you want them to tell.

Benchmark                                           (blockSize)  (buffersize)  (colsize)  (ncols)   Mode  Cnt   Score   Error   Units
KryoRowBenchmark.testDefaultSerializerSingleOutput         1000             1         36      400  thrpt    5  18.369 ± 3.549  ops/ms
KryoRowBenchmark.testDefaultSerializerSingleOutput         1000             1         36      400   avgt    5   0.057 ± 0.022   ms/op```
```



## Kryo Seq[Array[String]] 
## 5 repetitions of 60 seconds Test with 100K Rows, 400 columns, column size of 36 Bytes, 1 Threads, with an heap size of 8G
```console
java -jar target/benchmarks.jar "KryoBenchmark"  -i 5 -wi 0 -f 1 -t 1 -jvmArgs="-Xms8G -Xmx8G"
```

```console
(...)
# Run complete. Total time: 00:38:09

REMEMBER: The numbers below are just data. To gain reusable insights, you need to follow up on
why the numbers are the way they are. Use profilers (see -prof, -lprof), design factorial
experiments, perform baseline and negative tests that provide experimental control, make sure
the benchmarking environment is safe on JVM/OS/HW level, ask for reviews from the domain experts.
Do not assume the numbers tell you what you want them to tell.

Benchmark                                                      (blockSize)  (buffersize)  (colsize)  (ncols)   Mode  Cnt   Score   Error   Units
KryoBenchmark.testDefaultSerializerByteArrayOutputStreamBlock         1000             1         36      400  thrpt    5  24.359 ± 2.481  ops/ms
KryoBenchmark.testDefaultSerializerOutputBlock                        1000             1         36      400  thrpt    5  27.675 ± 0.196  ops/ms
KryoBenchmark.testDefaultSerializerSingleOutput                       1000             1         36      400  thrpt    5  30.035 ± 0.405  ops/ms
KryoBenchmark.testDefaultSerializerByteArrayOutputStreamBlock         1000             1         36      400   avgt    5   0.041 ± 0.004   ms/op
KryoBenchmark.testDefaultSerializerOutputBlock                        1000             1         36      400   avgt    5   0.037 ± 0.001   ms/op
KryoBenchmark.testDefaultSerializerSingleOutput                       1000             1         36      400   avgt    5   0.032 ± 0.002   ms/op
```
